# MODEL1208030000: MODEL1208030000

## Installation

Download this repository, and install with distutils

`python setup.py install`

Or, install using pip

`pip install git+https://github.com/biomodels/MODEL1208030000.git`

To install a specific version (in this example, from the 2014-09-16 BioModels release)

`pip install git+https://github.com/biomodels/MODEL1208030000.git@20140916`

## Usage

Importing the model package.

`import MODEL1208030000 as model`

Get the SBML string from the model

`print model.sbmlString`

If [python-libsbml](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/python-libsbml) bindings are
installed, the libsbml.SBMLDocument object is also accessible

`model.sbml`


# Model Notes


Mandlik2012 - Synthetic circuit of IPC synthase in Leishmania

A genetic circuit for the targeted enzyme inositol phosphorylceramide (IPC)
synthase belonging to the protozoan parasite _Leishmania_ is constructed by
Mandlik _et al._ (2013).

This model is described in the article:

[Synthetic circuit of inositol phosphorylceramide synthase in Leishmania: a
chemical biology
approach](http://identifiers.org/doi/10.1007/s12154-012-0089-7)

Mandlik V., Limbachiya D., Shinde S., Mol M, S., Singh, S.

J Chem Biol. January 2013

Abstract:

Building circuits and studying their behavior in cells is a major goal of
systems and synthetic biology. Synthetic biology enables the precise control
of cellular states for systems studies, the discovery of novel parts, control
strategies, and interactions for the design of robust synthetic systems. To
the best of our knowledge, there are no literature reports for the synthetic
circuit construction for protozoan parasites. This paper describes the
construction of genetic circuit for the targeted enzyme inositol
phosphorylceramide synthase belonging to the protozoan parasite Leishmania. To
explore the dynamic nature of the circuit designed, simulation was done
followed by circuit validation by qualitative and quantitative approaches. The
genetic circuit designed for inositol phosphorylceramide synthase (Biomodels
Databaseâ€”MODEL1208030000) shows responsiveness, oscillatory and bistable
behavior, together with intrinsic robustness.

This model is hosted on [BioModels Database](http://www.ebi.ac.uk/biomodels/)
and identified by:
[MODEL1208030000](http://identifiers.org/biomodels.db/MODEL1208030000) .

To cite BioModels Database, please use: [BioModels Database: An enhanced,
curated and annotated resource for published quantitative kinetic
models](http://identifiers.org/pubmed/20587024) .

To the extent possible under law, all copyright and related or neighbouring
rights to this encoded model have been dedicated to the public domain
worldwide. Please refer to [CC0 Public Domain
Dedication](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) for more
information.


